Introduction to the CLOUD COMPUTING 
To watch each video you need to right click on the Hyperlink just below the highlighted task in red color and select the Open Hyperlink option… it will take you to the YouTube where you can watch the concerned video.
You are required to watch the video and draft minimum 10 meaningful Questions having Single Word / Single Line answer for it. You need to type in the Answer in the next now indicated with “Ans”


Differences between Cloud Computing and Virtualization By Rackspace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14KJoDs6reg
	
Q1 What is virtualization?
Ans Virtualization is a part of cloud computing with virtualization we have a human being that needs to interact with a hypervisor to create virtual machines we need one of the admins to manually go in and spin up the virtual machine
	
Q2 API stands for?
Ans API stands for Application Programmable Interface.
	
Q3 Which thing needs virtualization to interact with a hypervisor?
Ans Human beings need virtualization to interact with a hypervisor.
	
Q4 Do we need an administrator in cloud computing?
Ans We do not need an administrator in cloud computing because API handles all the automation for communicating with the hypervisor.
	
Q5 Who handles all the automatic automation for communicating with the hypervisor?
Ans API handles all the automatic automation for communicating with the hypervisor.
	
Q6 What makes cloud computing different from virtualization?
Ans Cloud computing is different from virtualization because all the control plane activity that centers around creation, management and maintenance in virtualization is outsourced to an automated layer we call API in cloud computing. 
	
Q7 How can a consumer get a self consumed product in cloud computing?
Ans A consumer can get self consumed products in cloud computing via API calls or control panels.
	
Q8 What is the one major difference between virtualization and cloud computing?
Ans One major difference between virtualization and cloud computing is the automated layer that is available with cloud computing.
	
Q9 What do you mean by hypervisor?
Ans Hypervisor means a virtual machine monitor which is software that creates and runs virtual machines and allows one host computer to support multiple guest virtual machines by sharing its resources like memory, storage, and processing.
	
Q10 Which one is more flexible, cloud computing or virtualization?
Ans Cloud computing is more flexible because of the automated layer available with cloud computing.